I just I'm always kind of
amazing speed and there was a
majors at all but yeah and he
was just a clark and the pattern
department
yeah nobody know you know
nobody's called looking at this
a.m there's a railroad station
and he spent a lot of time doing
mind mind games what are they
for experiments
yeah you're good architects are
having to do with if if the
train is moving through and
somebody drops a ball and it
bounces how fast that you know
and how it relates to the world
outside the ER they all the
platform beads of the genesis of
relativity and there was a
famous clock towel over the
railroad station solos time
travel all that kind of stuff
going on so he loves himself
some Einstein yeah that might be
an Einstein quote is the theory
cannot be explained to a child
then the theory is probably
useless me that all great
theories are based on pictures
that even children can
understand the idea and and so
so in 1905 yet special theory of
relativity which involved the
trains and the clocks in the
timings and then 10 years later
the eleven years later the
general theory of relativity so
meet your relativity is a modern
idea of how the world works and
it doesn't seem to emanate from
anyone's sort of chair because
it's not part of anybody's
common sense and that's right
common sense says that time is
like an arrow you fire it never
comes back
one second on the earth is like
one second on the moon Einstein
says no time is like a river a
river that meanders and speed
speeds up and slows down and the
new wrinkle on this that I work
on is the fact that the river of
time can have world bowls and
fork into two rivers and that of
course is back to the future
world poles in the river of time
man that sounds like a really
cool soap opera that out
and now in the next episode of
whirlpools of the river of top